---
title: "Uploaded Fairy Part One Hemato's Story Prologue"
author: SRWeaver
tags: clinicalvampirism weirdromance
---
<iframe scrolling="no" id="hearthis_at_track_7383773" width="100%" height="150" src="https://app.hearthis.at/embed/7383773/transparent_black/?hcolor=&color=&style=2&block_size=2&block_space=1&background=1&waveform=0&cover=0&autoplay=0&css=" frameborder="0" allowtransparency allow="autoplay"><p>Listen to <a href="https://hearthis.at/todiaspora/uploadedfairtydeeplore70bpm/" target="_blank">Uploaded Fairy Deep Lore</a> <span>by</span><a href="https://hearthis.at/todiaspora/" target="_blank" >ToDiaspora</a> <span>on</span> <a href="https://hearthis.at/" target="_blank">hearthis.at</a></p></iframe>

SCENE 1 - COMPUTER NETWORK ROOM

Hemato-Tomato is uploading her mind to the super computer inside the network chamber. Inside her mind, she remembered the last bits of dialogue from the girl she tried to save.

It was 2050 A.D. The two civil wars were finally over, leaving behind a French colonial state from Maine all the way to California.

RINALDA: Wait, where are you taking me?

MOTHER: To be privately executed. We're financing your beheading.

RINALDA: But mom, why?

MOTHER: Just like my mother would have done, if I committed murder.

SCENE 2 – MOTHER'S OFFICE

MOTHER: (Writing in a notebook, a letter to the warden.) Dear prison keeper, I would be more than happy to finance my daughter's own execution. That can save you the expense, and my daughter can die humanely. I still have doubts about her guilt, but at least I know she wont suffer.

SCENE 3 – EXECUTION CHAMBER – GUILLOTINE

RINALDA, with her arms bound behind her back, wearing an orange prison jump suit and orange ankle socks, is tied onto the table, then guillotine gun uses a procedural pathway to roll in her direction.

EXECUTIONER (On the intercom): Rinalda, you've been sentenced to death for the murder of your sister. Do you have any last words?

RINALDA: Please, just let me die quickly.

From her perspective, we see the whisker basket, where her severed head shall soon be.

The angular blade quickly lowers, slicing through her neck. Blood pours from the blade, her head with blond locks falling down.

SCENE 3 – COMPUTER NETWORK ROOM

Hemato cringes in anguish. Then after she was uploaded, found her personality slowly begin to fragment. She saw flashbacks of times when she would go to the festivals and fares with her.

Hemato woke up in total blackness. Before her was the mirror of herself.

HEMATO: Hemato, you know it doesn't have to be this way. (Hemato smokes an electronic cigarillo.) We can punish humanity together.

HEMATO: But what about the others? (Points to the guards attempting to rescue to hijacked computer chamber.)

HEMATO: I will deal with them.
